[Doc] Provide an alternative for the deprecated spaceless filter (#4308)
twigphp/Twig: doc/filters/spaceless.rst

.. warning::

>     The ``spaceless`` filter is deprecated as of Twig 3.12. Instead, use the
>     :ref:`whitespace control features <templates-whitespace-control>`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The ``spaceless`` filter is deprecated as of Twig 3.12. If needed, use the
    :ref:`whitespace control features <templates-whitespace-control>`.
```

This is the best suggestion I can come up with which doesn't imply that those controls are a direct replacement without making the message too wordy.
